Clarification about word locally (#65)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Reference/Sailfish_OS_Cheat_Sheet/README.md

devel-su -p vcardconverter contacts.vcf
```

> Export contacts stored in the phone memory to vCard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export contacts that are stored to the device internal memory to vCard
```
Not necessarily phone either.

> Export contacts that are stored to the device internal memory to vCard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Export contacts that are stored in the device internal memory to vCard
```
IMHO `to ... to ...` makes it hard to parse, at least for me:)
